yo this general GC igu was the click
Brooklyn several money gates at parks I
bet food could tell your brother Lee
I just want to say alright peeps are the
big homies Kevlar darkside definitely
wanna shout out penny I see you baby
looking down on niggas you do not want a
weapon and no weapon nigga I am Legend
identity unknown
like the killer of a7 got revenge on my
mom for the nigga that killed Kevin
unspoken in my present to be sent up to
the ass they're hoping the Lord bless
them cuz that's without a question we're
gonna say your section gone from one
protection these niggas finish with that
gun man image only touching the meadow
if we open is finished I'm a street
tennis about Fitness listen my homie
pointing out the phony fake make no
mistake that I plan to make the
earthquake earthquake
Billy is noted I'm killing it warming I
forgot and it's made my heart right what
I'm saying is I'm sitting on the dotted
and bus I smell pussy like sure is that
sera T no names
you acknowledge some dead fucks living
on dumb luck reports that fell with his
shit tuck and father took your rod did
shit with a switched up so now I'm just
waiting for this negative bitch up a
page at the target range trying to get
hit by this colorblind
niggas name hit me mixed up regardless
shake it oh I'm coming for your throne
get money y'all bubble like the back of
a boat now it's military choppers not
soccer so I have a line outside you
tread lightly coming to vote with
everybody taking turns like a celebrity
bro but I'm the only one laughing in
this shit in the Chuck
she I hacked the mouth like looking for
my soul Paint Pot but this is the
realest shit I broke tell ninj that I
got a missing girl is not a problem how
you claim in the program win can't
nobody spot my eggs are jelly is he
hiding in the closet a gates a pile of
knock kids from the style and uh far
from that but love cakes and pies I'm
sitting crying like the rims on the flat
and I might love my brownie but I'm
hugging a mac on my main niggas lawyer
so I'm thankful for that I'm walking on
the back nigga fuckin right
haha i'ma leave it at that
you can't hear what I'm saying and I
guess you read it back she she
shout out the whole cakes at gigs dad
get down shout out the big homie monster
monster G monster
bang bang bang wait cccc big baby and
more beer more beer more beer
earthquake earthquake don't stop demo
demo demo bun bun bun city city see
chase chase chase let's go let's go
let's go
and when I see your bitch ass nigga